README.md, before:

#jac
jac provides methods to reference asset urls using permanently cachable urls.

It achieves this by using urls unique to each version of a given asset, and provides middleware to serve the asset with
long cache durations.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/busbud/jac.png)](https://travis-ci.org/busbud/jac)

#Usage
jac middleware will handle asset file serving and asset url resolution

Install it using

    npm install jac

## Example
The following example shows how to wire up jac
 * App code sets up the jac middleware
 * A JSON file stores the configuration for the jac middleware
 * A script updates the configuration file

### App
```js
var express = require('express')
  , config  = require('./config')
  , jac     = require('jac').create(config)
  , app     = express.createServer();

// Add middleware for all requests
app.use(jac.middleware);

// Add view that resolves an image url
app.get('/someview', function (req, res) {
  var jac = res.local('jac')        // returns jac view helper
    , key = '/images/spacer.gif'    // matches config key
    , url = jac.resolve(key);       // returns url with digest, handled by middleware

  res.send(url);
});
```

### Config
The configuration file is updated using jac's digester and read by the app. Here's a sample config json file loaded
by the app.

```js
{
  // required - files served by jac
  assets: [{
    fullPath: require('path').resolve(__dirname, './public/images/spacer.gif'),
    key:      '/images/spacer.gif',
    route:    '/images/spacer.gif?b64Digest'
  }],

  // optional - cache control max age in seconds (default 2 weeks)
  maxAge: 5443200
}
```

### Update script
The update script runs the digester against the files specified in configuration and updates the `files` key in the
configuration file. This script can be run from `package.json`'s scripts section after install.

```bash
jac --config ./config.json
```

Alternatively, the digester can be wired up manually

```js
var path   = './config'
  , config = require(path)
  , digest = require('jac').digest;

function save (err, assets) {
  if (err) throw err;

  config.assets = assets;
  fs.writeFile(path, JSON.stringify(config, null, 2));
}

digest(config, save);
```


## Compatibility
This version of jac is compatible with express 2.5.
It depends on `res.local()` to get and set the view local `jac.img` via middleware.

## Production
To support production usage with the best performance, it is required that a pre-processing step be executed to
generate the image file digests stored in configuration.

```bash
jac --config ./config.json
```

It is recommended that the config file already exist, and the config file used by the app
always be updated before deploying to production. This can be automated using `package.json`'s
scripts section after install.

```js
{
  "name": "myproject",
  "dependencies": {
    "jac": "latest"
  },
  "scripts": {
    "postinstall": "./node_modules/jac/bin/jac"
  }
}
```

# Running Tests
To run the test suite first invoke the following command within the repo, installing the development dependencies:

    npm install

then run the tests:

    npm test

# License

(The MIT License)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the 'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Update README to include quote from Steve Souders from HTML5DevConf explaining jac's purpose

README.md, after:

#jac [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/busbud/jac.png)](https://travis-ci.org/busbud/jac)

> Really when you push something out live to the world, you never want to change it without changing the name because
> there are so many misconfigured proxies out there. About 1% to 10% of your users will never get an update
> unless you change the name.

> You can make it cachable for 10 years, you're never going to push a change without changing the name of the file.<br/>

> <cite>- Steve Souders. HTML5DevConf (Jan 10, 2013).
  <a href="http://marakana.com/s/post/1360/cache_is_king_steve_souders_html5_video">Cache is king</a>
  availalable from <a href="http://mrkn.co/3wzua">http://mrkn.co/3wzua</a></cite>


jac provides methods to reference asset urls using permanently cachable urls.

It achieves this by using urls unique to each version of a given asset, and provides middleware to serve the asset with
long cache durations.

#Usage
jac middleware will handle asset file serving and asset url resolution

Install it using

    npm install jac

## Example
The following example shows how to wire up jac
 * App code sets up the jac middleware
 * A JSON file stores the configuration for the jac middleware
 * A script updates the configuration file

### App
```js
var express = require('express')
  , config  = require('./config')
  , jac     = require('jac').create(config)
  , app     = express.createServer();

// Add middleware for all requests
app.use(jac.middleware);

// Add view that resolves an image url
app.get('/someview', function (req, res) {
  var jac = res.local('jac')        // returns jac view helper
    , key = '/images/spacer.gif'    // matches config key
    , url = jac.resolve(key);       // returns url with digest, handled by middleware

  res.send(url);
});
```

### Config
The configuration file is updated using jac's digester and read by the app. Here's a sample config json file loaded
by the app.

```js
{
  // required - files served by jac
  assets: [{
    fullPath: require('path').resolve(__dirname, './public/images/spacer.gif'),
    key:      '/images/spacer.gif',
    route:    '/images/spacer.gif?b64Digest'
  }],

  // optional - cache control max age in seconds (default 2 weeks)
  maxAge: 5443200
}
```

### Update script
The update script runs the digester against the files specified in configuration and updates the `files` key in the
configuration file. This script can be run from `package.json`'s scripts section after install.

```bash
jac --config ./config.json
```

Alternatively, the digester can be wired up manually

```js
var path   = './config'
  , config = require(path)
  , digest = require('jac').digest;

function save (err, assets) {
  if (err) throw err;

  config.assets = assets;
  fs.writeFile(path, JSON.stringify(config, null, 2));
}

digest(config, save);
```


## Compatibility
This version of jac is compatible with express 2.5.
It depends on `res.local()` to get and set the view local `jac.img` via middleware.

## Production
To support production usage with the best performance, it is required that a pre-processing step be executed to
generate the image file digests stored in configuration.

```bash
jac --config ./config.json
```

It is recommended that the config file already exist, and the config file used by the app
always be updated before deploying to production. This can be automated using `package.json`'s
scripts section after install.

```js
{
  "name": "myproject",
  "dependencies": {
    "jac": "latest"
  },
  "scripts": {
    "postinstall": "./node_modules/jac/bin/jac"
  }
}
```

# Running Tests
To run the test suite first invoke the following command within the repo, installing the development dependencies:

    npm install

then run the tests:

    npm test

# License

(The MIT License)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the 'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
